.TH "aix3adb::cookietransport" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aix3adb::cookietransport \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetcookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsend_cookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrequest\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBverbose\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBcookies\fP = []"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 236 of file aix3adb.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def aix3adb::cookietransportrequest::request ( self,  host,  handler,  request_body,  verbose = \fC0\fP)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::cookietransportrequest::send_cookies ( self,  connection)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::cookietransportrequest::setcookies ( self,  cookiefile,  domain)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file aix3adb.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest::cookies\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 184 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "list \fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest::cookies\fP = []\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest::verbose\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 196 of file aix3adb.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
