.TH "aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBaix3adb_deprecated::aix3adbAuth\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBauthorize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBobtainSSOCookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdestroyauth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetAuthServerProxy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregisterMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdoRegisterMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBeditMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdoEditMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinsertOrReplaceMCTags\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregisterDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdoRegisterDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBeditDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdoEditDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsearchMCSamples\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsearchDataSamples\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtest\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBchecksample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtryServerAuthFunction\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcookiefile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBauthurl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreadurl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdomain\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::__init__ ( self,  cookiefilepath = \fC'\fBaix3adb\fP-ssocookie.txt'\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::authorize ( self,  username = \fCNone\fP,  trykerberos = \fC3\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::checksample ( self,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::destroyauth ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::doEditDataSample ( self,  id,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::doEditMCSample ( self,  id,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::doRegisterDataSample ( self,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::doRegisterMCSample ( self,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::editDataSample ( self,  id,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::editMCSample ( self,  id,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::getAuthServerProxy ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::getDataSample ( self,  sampleid)"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::getMCSample ( self,  sampleid)"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::insertOrReplaceMCTags ( self,  id,  tags)"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::obtainSSOCookies ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::registerDataSample ( self,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::registerMCSample ( self,  sample)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::searchDataSamples ( self,  searchdict)"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::searchMCSamples ( self,  searchdict)"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::test ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::tryServerAuthFunction ( self,  funct,  params)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBaix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::authurl\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::cookiefile\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::domain\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb_deprecated::aix3adb::readurl\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
