.TH "aix3adb::aix3adbAuth" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aix3adb::aix3adbAuth \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBaix3adb::aix3adb\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__del__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBauthorize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBobtainSSOCookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdestroyauth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetAuthServerProxy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinsertMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinsertDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinsertMCSkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinsertDataSkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBeditMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBeditDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBeditMCSkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBeditDataSkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMCSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetDataSample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMCSkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetDataSkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMCLatestSkimAndSampleBySample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetDataLatestSkimAndSampleBySample\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMCSkimAndSampleBySkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetDataSkimAndSampleBySkim\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMCSkimAndSample\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcookiefile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBauthurl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreadurl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdomain\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 155 of file aix3adb.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adbAuth::__del__ ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::__init__ ( self,  cookiefilepath = \fC'\fBaix3adb\fP-ssocookie.txt'\fP)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adbAuth::__init__ ( self,  username = \fCNone\fP,  trykerberos = \fC3\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 156 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::authorize ( self,  username = \fCNone\fP,  trykerberos = \fC3\fP)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::destroyauth ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::editDataSample ( self,  name,  sample)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::editDataSkim ( self,  skimid,  skim)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::editMCSample ( self,  name,  sample)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::editMCSkim ( self,  skimid,  skim)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getAuthServerProxy ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getDataLatestSkimAndSampleBySample ( self,  name)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 130 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getDataSample ( self,  name)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getDataSkim ( self,  skimid)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getDataSkimAndSampleBySkim ( self,  skimid)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getMCLatestSkimAndSampleBySample ( self,  name)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getMCSample ( self,  name)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getMCSkim ( self,  skimid)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getMCSkimAndSample ( self,  name = \fCNone\fP,  skimid = \fCNone\fP)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::getMCSkimAndSampleBySkim ( self,  skimid)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::insertDataSample ( self,  sample)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::insertDataSkim ( self,  skim)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::insertMCSample ( self,  sample)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::insertMCSkim ( self,  skim)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::aix3adb::obtainSSOCookies ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file aix3adb.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBaix3adb::aix3adb::authurl\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb::aix3adb::cookiefile\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb::aix3adb::domain\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb::aix3adb::readurl\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file aix3adb.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
