.TH "aix3adb::cookietransportrequest" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aix3adb::cookietransportrequest \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBaix3adb::cookiesafetransport\fP, and \fBaix3adb::cookietransport\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetcookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsend_cookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrequest\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBverbose\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBcookies\fP = []"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
A Transport request method that retains cookies over its lifetime.

The regular xmlrpclib transports ignore cookies. Which causes
a bit of a problem when you need a cookie-based login, as with
the Bugzilla XMLRPC interface.

So this is a helper for defining a Transport which looks for
cookies being set in responses and saves them to add to all future
requests.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file aix3adb.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def aix3adb::cookietransportrequest::request ( self,  host,  handler,  request_body,  verbose = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::cookietransportrequest::send_cookies ( self,  connection)"
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "def aix3adb::cookietransportrequest::setcookies ( self,  cookiefile,  domain)"
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file aix3adb.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest::cookies\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 184 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "list \fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest::cookies\fP = []\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file aix3adb.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb::cookietransportrequest::verbose\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 196 of file aix3adb.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
