.TH "aix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBaix3adb_deprecated::cookiesafetransport\fP, and \fBaix3adb_deprecated::cookietransport\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetcookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsend_cookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrequest\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBverbose\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBcookies\fP = []"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
A Transport request method that retains cookies over its lifetime.

The regular xmlrpclib transports ignore cookies. Which causes
a bit of a problem when you need a cookie-based login, as with
the Bugzilla XMLRPC interface.

So this is a helper for defining a Transport which looks for
cookies being set in responses and saves them to add to all future
requests.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest::request ( self,  host,  handler,  request_body,  verbose = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 153 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest::send_cookies ( self,  connection)"
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "def aix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest::setcookies ( self,  cookiefile,  domain)"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBaix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest::cookies\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "list \fBaix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest::cookies\fP = []\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.
.SS "\fBaix3adb_deprecated::cookietransportrequest::verbose\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file aix3adb_deprecated.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
