.TH "cesubmit::Task" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cesubmit::Task \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBload\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsave\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddJob\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsubmit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBresubmit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBkill\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmakePrologue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcreatedir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetOutput\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBjobStatusNumbers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcleanUp\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdirectory\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjdlfilename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexecutable\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscramArch\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcmsswVersion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBceId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfrontEndStatus\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_dosubmit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_getStatusMultiple\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 171 of file cesubmit.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::__init__ ( self,  name,  directory = \fCNone\fP,  mode = \fC'RECREATE'\fP,  scramArch = \fC'slc5_amd64_gcc462'\fP,  cmsswVersion = \fC'CMSSW_5_3_14'\fP,  ceId = \fC'grid-ce.physik.rwth-aachen.de:8443/cream-pbs-cms'\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::_dosubmit ( self,  nodeids,  processes,  worker)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 235 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::_getStatusMultiple ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::addJob ( self,  job)"
.PP
Definition at line 209 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::cleanUp ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 398 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::createdir ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 299 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::getOutput ( self,  connections = \fC1\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 350 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::getStatus ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 327 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::jobStatusNumbers ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 377 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::kill ( self,  nodeids,  processes = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::load ( cls,  directory)"
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::makePrologue ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 265 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::resubmit ( self,  nodeids,  processes = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 252 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::save ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 197 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Task::submit ( self,  processes = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file cesubmit.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::ceId\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::cmsswVersion\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 193 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::directory\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::executable\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::frontEndStatus\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 196 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::jdlfilename\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 189 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::jobs\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::mode\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::name\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 184 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Task::scramArch\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file cesubmit.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
