.TH "cesubmit" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cesubmit \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBJob\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTask\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBProxyError\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsubmitWorker\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBresubmitWorker\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBkillWorker\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBparseGetOutput\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBparseStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBparseStatusMultiple\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBparseStatusMultipleL1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBchunks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtimeLeftVomsProxy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcheckVomsProxy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrenewVomsProxy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcheckAndRenewVomsProxy\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlog\fP = logging.getLogger(__name__)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def cesubmit::checkAndRenewVomsProxy ( time = \fC604800\fP,  voms = \fC'cms:/cms/dcms'\fP,  passphrase = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 516 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::checkVomsProxy ( time = \fC86400\fP)".PP
.nf
Returns True if the proxy is valid longer than time, False otherwise..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 498 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::chunks ( l,  n)".PP
.nf
Yield successive n-sized chunks from l.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 478 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::killWorker ( job)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::parseGetOutput ( stdout)"
.PP
Definition at line 412 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::parseStatus ( stdout)"
.PP
Definition at line 426 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::parseStatusMultiple ( stdout)"
.PP
Definition at line 438 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::parseStatusMultipleL1 ( stdout)"
.PP
Definition at line 454 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::renewVomsProxy ( voms = \fC'cms:/cms/dcms'\fP,  passphrase = \fCNone\fP)".PP
.nf
Make a new proxy with a lifetime of one week..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 503 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::resubmitWorker ( job)"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::submitWorker ( job)"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::timeLeftVomsProxy ()"
.PP
Definition at line 487 of file cesubmit.py.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBcesubmit::log\fP = logging.getLogger(__name__)"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file cesubmit.py.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
