.TH "cesubmit::Job" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cesubmit::Job \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwriteJdl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsubmit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetOutput\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcancel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpurge\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBkill\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBresubmit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBoutputSubDirectory\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexecutable\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfrontEndStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjobid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjdlfilename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerror\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinfos\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 29 of file cesubmit.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::__init__ ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::cancel ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::getOutput ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::getStatus ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::kill ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::outputSubDirectory ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::purge ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::resubmit ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::status ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::submit ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "def cesubmit::Job::writeJdl ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file cesubmit.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Job::error\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Job::executable\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Job::frontEndStatus\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Job::infos\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Job::jdlfilename\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file cesubmit.py.
.SS "\fBcesubmit::Job::jobid\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file cesubmit.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
