.TH "crabFunctions::TaskStats" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
crabFunctions::TaskStats \- 
.PP
Class holds job statistics for several Crab tasks.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBupdateStats\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function updates the statistics for a given tasklist. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclearStats\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function sets all counts to zero. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnTasks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnUnsubmitted\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnIdle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnRunning\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnTransferring\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnCooloff\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnFailed\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnFinished\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnComplete\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class holds job statistics for several Crab tasks. 

This class saves and updates statistics from a given list of \fBCrabTask\fP objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 341 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def crabFunctions::TaskStats::__init__ ( self,  tasklist = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
The object constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself,:\fP The object pointer. 
.br
\fItasklist,:\fP (Optional) List of CrabTasks for which statistics should be calculated 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 347 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "def crabFunctions::TaskStats::clearStats ( self)"
.PP
This function sets all counts to zero. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself,:\fP The object pointer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 374 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "def crabFunctions::TaskStats::updateStats ( self,  tasklist)"
.PP
This function updates the statistics for a given tasklist. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself,:\fP The object pointer. 
.br
\fItasklist,:\fP List of CrabTasks for which statistics should be calculated 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 357 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nComplete\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 383 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nCooloff\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 380 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nFailed\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 381 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nFinished\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 382 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nIdle\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 377 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nRunning\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 378 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nTasks\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 359 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nTransferring\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 379 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::TaskStats::nUnsubmitted\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 376 of file crabFunctions.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
