.TH "crabFunctions::CrabTask" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
crabFunctions::CrabTask \- 
.PP
Class for a single CrabRequest.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBupdate\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction to update Task in associated Jobs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBupdateJobStats\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction to update JobStatistics. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuuid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcontroller\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlocalDir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutlfn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStorageFileList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBisUpdating\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmaxjobnumber\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnUnsubmitted\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnIdle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnRunning\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnTransferring\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnCooloff\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnFailed\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnFinished\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnComplete\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlastUpdate\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class for a single CrabRequest. 

This class represents one crab3 task/request 
.PP
Definition at line 243 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def crabFunctions::CrabTask::__init__ ( self,  taskname,  crabController = \fCNone\fP,  initUpdate = \fCTrue\fP,  localDir = \fC''\fP,  outlfn = \fC''\fP,  StorageFileList = \fC[]\fP)"
.PP
The object constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The object pointer. 
.br
\fItaskname\fP The name of the crab Task 
.br
\fIcrabController\fP A crabController object if already initalized, a new one is created if None 
.br
\fIinitUpdate\fP Boolean flag if crab status should be called when an instance is created 
.br
\fIlocalDir\fP The local directory for the crab task 
.br
\fIoutlfn\fP The destination for the crab job output on your local GRID storage element 
.br
\fIStorageFileList\fP A list of files for this task on your GRID storage element 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 254 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "def crabFunctions::CrabTask::update ( self)"
.PP
Function to update Task in associated Jobs. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself,:\fP The object pointer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 288 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "def crabFunctions::CrabTask::updateJobStats ( self,  dCacheFileList = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Function to update JobStatistics. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself,:\fP The object pointer. 
.br
\fIdCacheFileList,:\fP A list of files on the dCache 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 308 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::controller\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::isUpdating\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::jobs\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 262 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::lastUpdate\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 296 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::localDir\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 263 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::maxjobnumber\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 270 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::name\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 255 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nComplete\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nCooloff\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 275 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nFailed\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 276 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nFinished\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 277 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nIdle\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 272 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nJobs\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 268 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nRunning\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nTransferring\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 274 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::nUnsubmitted\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 271 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::outlfn\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 264 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::state\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 269 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::StorageFileList\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 265 of file crabFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBcrabFunctions::CrabTask::uuid\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file crabFunctions.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
