.TH "curseshelpers::Text" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
curseshelpers::Text \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclear\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBreadFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrefresh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBheight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoLeft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoRight\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBparent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBposition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnrows\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_redraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_height\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_width\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 236 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::__init__ ( self,  screen,  maxrows = \fC2000\fP,  top = \fC1\fP,  left = \fC0\fP,  height = \fCNone\fP,  width = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 237 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::_redraw ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::clear ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::end ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 275 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::goDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goLeft ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goRight ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::goUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 258 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::height ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::home ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::pageDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 264 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::pageUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 262 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::readFile ( self,  filename)"
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::refresh ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::setText ( self,  text)"
.PP
Definition at line 253 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::Text::width ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 281 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::_height\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::_width\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 241 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::left\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 239 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::nrows\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::pad\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 242 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::parent\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 238 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::position\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 243 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::Text::text\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 244 of file curseshelpers.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
