.TH "curseshelpers::MultiText" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
curseshelpers::MultiText \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclear\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrefresh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBheight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoLeft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoRight\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBparent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBposition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnrows\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_redraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_height\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_width\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 178 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::__init__ ( self,  screen,  maxrows = \fC20000\fP,  top = \fC1\fP,  left = \fC0\fP,  height = \fCNone\fP,  width = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 179 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::_redraw ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 208 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::addFile ( self,  title,  filename)"
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::addText ( self,  title,  text)"
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::clear ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::end ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 227 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::goDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goLeft ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goRight ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::goUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 200 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::height ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 230 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::home ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 225 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::pageDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::pageUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 204 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::refresh ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 198 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::MultiText::width ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 233 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::_height\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::_width\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::left\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 181 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::nrows\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 187 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::pad\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 184 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::parent\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::position\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::MultiText::text\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 186 of file curseshelpers.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
