.TH "curseshelpers::TabbedText" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
curseshelpers::TabbedText \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclear\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrefresh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoLeft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoRight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBheight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBnrows\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBparent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBheading\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpads\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpositions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBactiveCard\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmaxrows\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_countLines\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_redrawHeading\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_redraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_height\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_width\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_nrows\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 46 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::__init__ ( self,  screen,  maxrows = \fC20000\fP,  top = \fC0\fP,  left = \fC0\fP,  height = \fCNone\fP,  width = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::_countLines ( self,  text)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::_redraw ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::_redrawHeading ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::addFile ( self,  title,  filename)"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::addText ( self,  title,  text)"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::clear ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::end ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::goDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::goLeft ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::goRight ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::goUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::height ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 129 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::home ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::nrows ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::pageDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::pageUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::refresh ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::TabbedText::width ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::_height\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::_nrows\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::_width\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::activeCard\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::heading\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::left\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::maxrows\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::pads\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::parent\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::positions\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText::text\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file curseshelpers.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
