.TH "curseshelpers::BottomText" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
curseshelpers::BottomText \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclear\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrefresh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBheight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoLeft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoRight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBend\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBparent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtext\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_redraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_height\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_width\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 139 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::__init__ ( self,  screen,  top = \fC1\fP,  left = \fC0\fP,  height = \fCNone\fP,  width = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::_redraw ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 156 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::addText ( self,  text)"
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::clear ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 147 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::end ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goDown ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goLeft ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goRight ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goUp ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::height ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 172 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::home ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::pageDown ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::pageUp ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::refresh ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BottomText::width ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::BottomText::_height\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::BottomText::_width\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::BottomText::left\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::BottomText::pad\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::BottomText::parent\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::BottomText::text\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file curseshelpers.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
