.TH "curseshelpers::BaseElement" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
curseshelpers::BaseElement \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBcurseshelpers::BottomText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrefresh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoLeft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoRight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBend\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 26 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::end ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goLeft ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goRight ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::home ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::pageDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::pageUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::refresh ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::BottomText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::MultiText\fP, \fBcurseshelpers::Text\fP, and \fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file curseshelpers.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
