.TH "curseshelpers::SelectTable" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
curseshelpers::SelectTable \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetColHeaders\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetFooters\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddRow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclear\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrefresh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBnrows\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpageDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBselectedRow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBheight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoLeft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgoRight\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBparent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBheader\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBposition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBkeys\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcolFooters\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcolHeaders\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcolWidths\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfooter\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcursor\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_drawFooters\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_drawColHeaders\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB_redrawRows\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_height\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_width\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
A Table where a single row can be selected
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::__init__ ( self,  screen,  maxrows = \fC1000\fP,  top = \fC1\fP,  left = \fC0\fP,  height = \fCNone\fP,  width = \fCNone\fP,  footer = \fCFalse\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 293 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::_drawColHeaders ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 328 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::_drawFooters ( self)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 319 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::_redrawRows ( self,  rowids)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 361 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::addRow ( self,  row,  formatting = \fCNone\fP,  key = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 334 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::clear ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 339 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::end ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 392 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::goDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 354 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goLeft ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::BaseElement::goRight ( self)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcurseshelpers::TabbedText\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::goUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 348 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::height ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 400 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::home ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 388 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::nrows ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 376 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::pageDown ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 383 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::pageUp ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 378 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::refresh ( self)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBcurseshelpers::BaseElement\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 341 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::selectedRow ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 397 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::setColHeaders ( self,  headers,  colwidths = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 307 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::setFooters ( self,  footers)"
.PP
Definition at line 315 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "def curseshelpers::SelectTable::width ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 403 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::_height\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 300 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::_width\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 301 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::colFooters\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 306 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::colHeaders\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 308 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::colWidths\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 311 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::cursor\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 350 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::footer\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 317 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::header\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 303 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::keys\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::left\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 299 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::pad\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 302 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::parent\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 298 of file curseshelpers.py.
.SS "\fBcurseshelpers::SelectTable::position\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 304 of file curseshelpers.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
