.TH "rootplotlib::Legend" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rootplotlib::Legend \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBadd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBAddEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetTextWidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBDraw\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtextFont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtextSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtickOffset\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelPosX\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelPosY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlineHeight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsymbolWidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlegendGap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvspace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhspace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBncolumns\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreferenceHeight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvalign\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBentries\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmargin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBalign\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleg\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBx0\fP = property(lambda self: self.__position[0])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBy0\fP = property(lambda self: self.__position[1])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBx1\fP = property(lambda self: self.__position[2])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBy1\fP = property(lambda self: self.__position[3])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwidth\fP = property(lambda self: self.__position[2]-self.__position[0])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBheight\fP = property(lambda self: self.__position[3]-self.__position[1])"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__position\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 129 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def rootplotlib::Legend::__init__ ( self,  align = \fC'right'\fP,  valign = \fC'top'\fP,  pad = \fCNone\fP,  vspace = \fC0\fP,  hspace = \fC0\fP,  ncolumns = \fC1\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 130 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "def rootplotlib::Legend::add ( self,  hist,  label,  option = \fC''\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "def rootplotlib::Legend::AddEntry ( self,  hist,  label,  option = \fC''\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "def rootplotlib::Legend::draw ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "def rootplotlib::Legend::Draw ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 166 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "def rootplotlib::Legend::getTextWidth ( self,  text)"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::__position\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::align\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 189 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::entries\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 153 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::hspace\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::leg\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 210 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::legendGap\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::lineHeight\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::margin\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::ncolumns\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::pad\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::referenceHeight\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::relPosX\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::relPosY\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::symbolWidth\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::textFont\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::textSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::tickOffset\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::valign\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::Legend::vspace\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "rootplotlib::Legend::height = property(lambda self: self.__position[3]-self.__position[1])\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 216 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "rootplotlib::Legend::width = property(lambda self: self.__position[2]-self.__position[0])\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 215 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "rootplotlib::Legend::x0 = property(lambda self: self.__position[0])\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 211 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "rootplotlib::Legend::x1 = property(lambda self: self.__position[2])\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 213 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "rootplotlib::Legend::y0 = property(lambda self: self.__position[1])\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "rootplotlib::Legend::y1 = property(lambda self: self.__position[3])\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 214 of file rootplotlib.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
