.TH "rootplotlib::CmsDecoration" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rootplotlib::CmsDecoration \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBDraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcmsTextFont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlumiTextFont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBextraTextFont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBadditionalTextFont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcmsTextSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlumiTextSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBextraTextSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBadditionalTextSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBadditionalTextVspace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlumiTextOffset\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBextraTextOffset\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelPosX\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelPosY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelExtraDY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlumiText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhspace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpad\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreferenceHeight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBalign\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvalign\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 17 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def rootplotlib::CmsDecoration::__init__ ( self,  extraText = \fCNone\fP,  additionalText = \fCNone\fP,  lumiText = \fC'19.7 fb^{-1} (8 TeV)'\fP,  align = \fC'left'\fP,  valign = \fC'top'\fP,  vspace = \fC0\fP,  hspace = \fC0\fP,  referenceHeight = \fCNone\fP,  pad = \fCNone\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "def rootplotlib::CmsDecoration::Draw ( self)"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::additionalTextFont\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::additionalTextSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::additionalTextVspace\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::align\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::cmsTextFont\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::cmsTextSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::extraTextFont\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::extraTextOffset\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::extraTextSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::hspace\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::lumiText\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::lumiTextFont\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::lumiTextOffset\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::lumiTextSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::pad\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::referenceHeight\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::relExtraDY\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::relPosX\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::relPosY\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file rootplotlib.py.
.SS "\fBrootplotlib::CmsDecoration::valign\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file rootplotlib.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
