.TH "terminalFunctions::bcolors" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
terminalFunctions::bcolors \- 
.PP
Color definition for terminal output.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdisable\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction to unset all colors. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHEADER\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOKBLUE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOKGREEN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBWARNING\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFAIL\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCYAN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBWHITE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBENDC\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBHEADER\fP = '\\033[35m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBOKBLUE\fP = '\\033[34m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBOKGREEN\fP = '\\033[32m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBWARNING\fP = '\\033[33m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBFAIL\fP = '\\033[31m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBCYAN\fP = '\\033[36m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBWHITE\fP = '\\033[37m'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBENDC\fP = '\\033[0m'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Color definition for terminal output. 
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def terminalFunctions::bcolors::disable ( self)"
.PP
Function to unset all colors. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::CYAN\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::CYAN\fP = '\\033[36m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::ENDC\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::ENDC\fP = '\\033[0m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::FAIL\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::FAIL\fP = '\\033[31m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::HEADER\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::HEADER\fP = '\\033[35m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::OKBLUE\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::OKBLUE\fP = '\\033[34m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::OKGREEN\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::OKGREEN\fP = '\\033[32m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::WARNING\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::WARNING\fP = '\\033[33m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "\fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::WHITE\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file terminalFunctions.py.
.SS "string \fBterminalFunctions::bcolors::WHITE\fP = '\\033[37m'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file terminalFunctions.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
