.TH "wprime" 3 "30 Jan 2015" "libs3a" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
wprime \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBparser\fP = optparse.OptionParser( description='LHE Analysis.', usage='usage: %prog files')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBhTransverseMassAll\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hTransverseMassAll','',400,0,8000)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBhInvariantMassAll\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hInvariantMassAll','',400,0,8000)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBanalysis\fP = \fBlheanalyzer.LHEAnalysis\fP(filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBhTransverseMass\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hTransverseMass','',400,0,8000)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBhInvariantMass\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hInvariantMass','',400,0,8000)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBcharged\fP = filter(lambda particle: particle.pdgId in [-15,-13,-11,11,13,15], event.particles)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBneutrino\fP = filter(lambda particle: particle.pdgId in [-16,-14,-12,12,14,16], event.particles)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBmass\fP = lheanalyzer.invariantMass(\fBcharged\fP[0],\fBneutrino\fP[0])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBtransverseMass\fP = lheanalyzer.transverseMass(\fBcharged\fP[0],\fBneutrino\fP[0])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcrossSection\fP = analysis.totalCrossSection"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBoutfile\fP = ROOT.TFile('outfile_lheanalyzer.root' ,'RECREATE')"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::analysis\fP = \fBlheanalyzer.LHEAnalysis\fP(filename)"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::charged\fP = filter(lambda particle: particle.pdgId in [-15,-13,-11,11,13,15], event.particles)"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file wprime.py.
.SS "\fBwprime::crossSection\fP = analysis.totalCrossSection"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::hInvariantMass\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hInvariantMass','',400,0,8000)"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::hInvariantMassAll\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hInvariantMassAll','',400,0,8000)"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::hTransverseMass\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hTransverseMass','',400,0,8000)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::hTransverseMassAll\fP = ROOT.TH1F('hTransverseMassAll','',400,0,8000)"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::mass\fP = lheanalyzer.invariantMass(\fBcharged\fP[0],\fBneutrino\fP[0])"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::neutrino\fP = filter(lambda particle: particle.pdgId in [-16,-14,-12,12,14,16], event.particles)"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::outfile\fP = ROOT.TFile('outfile_lheanalyzer.root' ,'RECREATE')"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::parser\fP = optparse.OptionParser( description='LHE Analysis.', usage='usage: %prog files')"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file wprime.py.
.SS "tuple \fBwprime::transverseMass\fP = lheanalyzer.transverseMass(\fBcharged\fP[0],\fBneutrino\fP[0])"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file wprime.py.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libs3a from the source code.
